hi there, tungsten is the first
Yaroslavl videobloger today decided
fish fry here it is beautiful roach
from the Rybinsk reservoir at first
thought
pan to lie but pan
ceramic
here he burns everything on her already
this usa on i cut and then i too
in mine too here on the baking sheet and
on it also it turned out to throw such
tasty and crispy in general very good
the fish but the truth is a little bit burnt but
Now I think nothing exactly will burn
on a baking sheet in special such paper
for baking
and below there is a foil such a sandwich now
nothing napkins
take
need to salt the most important thing not
go too far a little bit and tap here
there is caviar too on fry call
it's better it was any
the red screen is extremely be salmon it
well, what really is
chicken to the heart and still on top olive
I do not eat everything completely with oil
ready to go to
oven temperature here p then
degrees set I'm still convection
included the amount on so under the juice so
dry for about 20 minutes I will probably have a few
look out the window so as not to burn
the pan also came in handy and
such is the fish we got and caviar
heard try crust
test roe
cult body with her drink smartly
crust
That fish itself
nothing burnt hot show like this
as if on
steamed fish put on the taste very
even tasty and
at this time
dress of bones a bit too much to be
careful with you was tungsten
subscribe our channel like
comment comments and will continue
more interesting